---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "connect-v1_connect_plugin Data Source - connect-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# connect-v1_connect_plugin (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) name of the ConnectPlugin
- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `hash` (String) resource content will be returned as it was at the time of this git hash
- `spec` (Attributes) ConnectPluginSpec defines the desired state of ConnectPlugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) ConnectPluginStatus defines the observed state of ConnectPlugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `heartbeat_interval` (Number) HeartbeatInterval indicates in seconds the interval in which the Plugin will heartbeat.
When the interval is 0, heartbeating will be disabled.
- `name` (String) Name is a human-readable representation of the Plugin.
- `plugin_type` (String) PluginType identifies the type of the Plugin. Eg. VMware, OpenStack.
- `required_plugins` (List of String) A list of ConnectPlugins whose resources this ConnectPlugin will require
- `supported_actionables` (List of String) SupportedActionables is a List of Actionable identifiers that this Plugin supports.


<a id="nestedatt--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `stale` (Boolean) When a plugin registers with a certain heartbeatinterval and it does not meet that contract, Connect will assume
that the plugin is Stale / non-responsive. An alarm is raised when the plugin is Stale.
