---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "connect-v1_connect_audit_list Data Source - connect-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# connect-v1_connect_audit_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) ConnectAuditSpec defines the desired state of ConnectAudit. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) ConnectAuditStatus defines the observed state of ConnectAudit. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `connect_plugin_name` (String) ConnectPluginName refers to the ConnectPlugin being audited.
- `finished` (Boolean) Finished indicates whether the ConnectAudit is done running.
- `scope` (String) Scope indicates the scope of the ConnectAudit.
Currently supported scopes: PLUGIN


<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `end_time` (String) EndTime is when the ConnectAudit reaches a completed State.
- `enqueue_time` (String) EnqueueTime is the starting time of the ConnectAudit.
- `failure_reason` (String) FailureReason indicates the reason for a Failure Outcome.
- `outcome` (String) Outcome indicates the outcome of the ConnectAudit once it is Finished.
Possible values are Success|Failure.
- `results` (Attributes List) Results is a list of Audit substeps performed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--results))
- `state` (String) State indicates the state of the overall ConnectAudit.
Possible values are Scheduled|Finished|InProgress.
- `total_number_of_discrepancies` (Number) TotalNumberOfDiscrepancies indicates the amount of entries in the Audit Report.
- `total_number_of_failed_discrepancies` (Number) TotalNumberOfFailedDiscrepancies indicates the amount of entries in the Results that have failed
to be resolved. Manual action is required here.
- `total_number_of_successful_discrepancies` (Number) TotalNumberOfSuccessfulDiscrepancies indicates the amount of entries in the Audit Report that have successfully
been resolved.

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.results`

Read-Only:

- `audit_type` (String) AuditType is the type of this Result.
Possible values are ConnectPluginAudit
- `failure_reason` (String) FailureReason indicates the reason for a Failure Outcome.
- `found_discrepancies` (Attributes List) FoundDiscrepancies is a list of found and or corrected discrepancies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--results--found_discrepancies))
- `outcome` (String) Outcome indicates the outcome of this Result once it is Finished.
Possible values are Success|Failure
- `state` (String) State indicates the state of this Result.
Possible values are Scheduled|Finished|InProgress

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--results--found_discrepancies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.results.found_discrepancies`

Read-Only:

- `connect_resource_kind` (String) ConnectResourceKind is the kind of the resource in Connect.
- `connect_resource_name` (String) ConnectResourceName is the (k8s) name of the resource in Connect.
- `failure_reason` (String) FailureReason indicates the reason for a Failure Outcome.
- `outcome` (String) Outcome indicates the outcome of this Discrepancy.
Possible values are Success|Failure
- `plugin_resource_kind` (String) PluginResourceKind is the kind of the resource in the Plugin environment.
- `plugin_resource_uri` (String) PluginResourceURI is the URI of the resource in the Plugin environment.
- `type` (String) Type of discrepancy found during the Audit.
