---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "connect-v1_connect_interface Data Source - connect-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# connect-v1_connect_interface (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) name of the ConnectInterface
- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `hash` (String) resource content will be returned as it was at the time of this git hash
- `spec` (Attributes) ConnectInterfaceSpec defines the desired state of ConnectInterface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) ConnectInterfaceStatus defines the observed state of ConnectInterface (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `bond` (Attributes) Bond is an Optional Bond definition, indicating the naming of a Bond on the Compute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bond))
- `members` (Attributes List) Members is a list of InterfaceMembers indicating which Compute Interfaces are part of this ConnectInterface.
For non-LAG interfaces, this is a list of one element. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--members))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bond"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bond`

Optional:

- `chassis_id` (String) ChassisID is the Chassis Id of the top-of-rack switch to which this compute interface is connected, received through LLDP.
- `host_name` (String) HostName is the FQDN of the host this compute port belongs to (eg. compute01.example.com).
- `interface_name` (String) InterfaceName is the interface name of the compute port (eg. eth0).
- `port_id` (String) PortID is the Port Id of the top-of-rack switch to which this compute interface is connected, received through LLDP.
- `system_name` (String) SystemName is the name of the top-of-rack switch to which this compute interface is connected, received through LLDP.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.members`

Optional:

- `chassis_id` (String) ChassisID is the Chassis Id of the top-of-rack switch to which this compute interface is connected, received through LLDP.
- `host_name` (String) HostName is the FQDN of the host this compute port belongs to (eg. compute01.example.com).
- `interface_name` (String) InterfaceName is the interface name of the compute port (eg. eth0).
- `port_id` (String) PortID is the Port Id of the top-of-rack switch to which this compute interface is connected, received through LLDP.
- `system_name` (String) SystemName is the name of the top-of-rack switch to which this compute interface is connected, received through LLDP.



<a id="nestedatt--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `current_interface` (String) Indicates the current EDA CachedInterface this ConnectInterface is connected to.
- `operational_status` (String) Indicates the current operational state of the ConnectInterface
